And audio various text inputs.
Heading one Chrome Enter your personal
information.
Double tap and hold to longpresst-mobile.
com.
e-mail required Error invalid entry.
Double tap and hold to long Press
username required.
Edit box Error invalid entry t-mobile.
com e-mail requiredname@email.
com Double tap Phone number required.
Error invalid entry.
Double tap and hold to long press edit
box error invalid entry Phone number
required.
Format 555-123-4567 Format username
required.
Double tap and hold to long.
Press Edit box.
Error invalid entry Username required
Double password 8 characters minimum
required Error Invalid entry Password
Edit box error invalid entry Tap not
checked Show password check box Double
tap to toggle.
Double tap and hold to lock not checked.
Comments and feedback Let us let us know
what you think.
Your comment edit box.
Your comment type feedback.